Now this yield key word can be used with any type of value or expression.
So you're not just limited to these little simple primitive types right here.
What else you could do is something that evaluates to a value like an expression.
So for example we'll do another generator function will do function asterisk create it or re or.
And then inside of here I'm going to do a loop and this function is going to take an array as an argument.
So in this case we'll just loop through will do for a.
Equals zero.
That way I don't contaminate my scope semi-colon as less than items length so it let me write a semi-colon
then we'll increment like so.
And inside of here I can yield and then items and then into see right there.
Perfect So now we'll make our array or our iterator I should say will do.
Let rates for two and then create iterator and I'm going to pass in some values so the 1 to 3 like before.
Now we'll do the same thing as before.
Cancel it out log.
And matter of fact we can just copy and paste so we'll go back up to our previous cancelled logs and
just copy this bring it down to here and then we'll paste it in and then we just need to add two.
So we'll do Allt shift down down down add it to an unsafe and you can see it does the exact same thing
as before.
It prints 1 to 3.
So you can use just about any value or expression with a yield statement right here.
The cool thing about this is whenever we actually create our iterator and pass in this array right here
to fill up our iterator with items to loop through the cool thing is whenever we invoke Next it goes
through this function and it loops through and once it gets to the yield statement it yields the value
and then it stops in the middle of the loop.
And I know it doesn't seem like a big deal but that's a that's a big deal.
Good school and it completely stops until I call the next method again and then go through another iteration
of the loop and it'll stop again and again until I get to the very end of the array right here.
And then it returns done as true.